this is our winning fish it's a
beautiful turbot ideally try and find a
fishmonger you can put your trust in and
always buy your fish hole it's the best
guarantee of freshness there's a few
things to look for when choosing fresh
fish first go to the gills here and they
should be pink and clean that's
wonderful and the eyes the eyes should
be glistening shiny they shouldn't be
sunken glaze over and the skin well it
should have a nice resistance you can
see here there's a lovely Sheen to it so
now we need to fill it the fish and to
do this there's a central bone that runs
down here we're going to do is run the
knife along that bone first I'm
left-handed so I might be doing it
differently to some of you but working
from the tail up you can feel two bones
that come out from the central bone just
get the knife running along there and
just work it slide it along the bone to
the outside of the fill it you'll feel
the fill it coming away nice and easily
again with this just be very gentle
you've taken all the care to choose this
fish and be very careful when when you
fill it in just on leaving the skin on
because I like the flavor and the
texture of the skin but if you want to
just just remove it after you've taken
the finish off here we are there's a
beautiful Philip of turbot here you can
see here the thickness and the flesh
this is really important if we're going
to keep all that moisture and juiciness
inside our fish